README.md, before:

# lboroHistogram
Produces histograms of Loughborough University module results data

Requires: python (tested with 2.7.11), matplotlib, pandas, numpy

Update 24-3-2016 Added control of layout – can now set maximum number of plots in a single column. Function to allow plot size to be changed added.

to use:

I recommend running in an iPython session. It can be used outside of ipython, but you will need to work out how to deal with changing directory etc. yourself.

Basic usesage
```python
import Histogram as hgm
hgm.HistoFiles('filename_criteria')
```

The function HistoFiles will scan the current directory for files that match the criteria provided. These criteria follow usual wildcard rules e.g. '15MP\*.csv will pick out all the files with 15MP at the beginning of their names and .csv at the ends; 15MPC\*.csv will pick out all the 15MPC files.

HistoFiles is the main function in the Histogram suite:
    Call with 
    
```python 
HistoFiles(criteria,rowmax=6,debug=False,elements=False,transparency=0.25,rmin=0,rmax=100,binning=1)
```

where

```python 
criteria
``` 

is a python string that can include wildcards e.g. '15MPC*.csv'

```python 
rowmax
```

maximum number of rows in output figure (defaults to 6)

```python
debug
```

when set to true, prnts out diagnostics as function runs

```python
elements
```

When set to True generates semi-transparent histograms of the elements of assessment along with the main histogram for each module
```python
transparency
```
Set the transparency level of the element histograms. Defaults to 0.25. Can take values in range 0(invisible) to 1 (opaque).

```python
rmin,rmax
```
Setting rmin,rmax allows x axis range to be set. 0-100 is sensible range, but any combination is allowed.

```python
binning
```
Set the width of the bins used in producing the histograms – values in %

Sometimes the default figure size will be too big/small/wrong aspect ratio...
This can be modified via the function plotSize:

```python
plotSize(width=10,height=10)
```

This function will change the size according to the parameters sent to it. You will need to re-run HistoFiles to generate the histograms using this new form factor.
Note 1: the units of the sizes are inches
Note 2: the figure size on the screen may be a scaled version of the dimensions set – when you open the plot in a separate program it will have the specified dimensions.

Commit message:

Announce move to lboro_results_stats

README.md, after:

# lboroHistogram

## Important Note

Development of this libary has been halted in favour of a new library that can be downloaded from the repository: lboro_results_stats

The new libary works with a single results file as supplied LUSI rather than the multiple input files. In addition it produces tables of results.

The rest of this ReadME describes the lboroHistogram library

Produces histograms of Loughborough University module results data

Requires: python (tested with 2.7.11), matplotlib, pandas, numpy

Update 24-3-2016 Added control of layout – can now set maximum number of plots in a single column. Function to allow plot size to be changed added.

to use:

I recommend running in an iPython session. It can be used outside of ipython, but you will need to work out how to deal with changing directory etc. yourself.

Basic usesage
```python
import Histogram as hgm
hgm.HistoFiles('filename_criteria')
```

The function HistoFiles will scan the current directory for files that match the criteria provided. These criteria follow usual wildcard rules e.g. '15MP\*.csv will pick out all the files with 15MP at the beginning of their names and .csv at the ends; 15MPC\*.csv will pick out all the 15MPC files.

HistoFiles is the main function in the Histogram suite:
    Call with 
    
```python 
HistoFiles(criteria,rowmax=6,debug=False,elements=False,transparency=0.25,rmin=0,rmax=100,binning=1)
```

where

```python 
criteria
``` 

is a python string that can include wildcards e.g. '15MPC*.csv'

```python 
rowmax
```

maximum number of rows in output figure (defaults to 6)

```python
debug
```

when set to true, prnts out diagnostics as function runs

```python
elements
```

When set to True generates semi-transparent histograms of the elements of assessment along with the main histogram for each module
```python
transparency
```
Set the transparency level of the element histograms. Defaults to 0.25. Can take values in range 0(invisible) to 1 (opaque).

```python
rmin,rmax
```
Setting rmin,rmax allows x axis range to be set. 0-100 is sensible range, but any combination is allowed.

```python
binning
```
Set the width of the bins used in producing the histograms – values in %

Sometimes the default figure size will be too big/small/wrong aspect ratio...
This can be modified via the function plotSize:

```python
plotSize(width=10,height=10)
```

This function will change the size according to the parameters sent to it. You will need to re-run HistoFiles to generate the histograms using this new form factor.
Note 1: the units of the sizes are inches
Note 2: the figure size on the screen may be a scaled version of the dimensions set – when you open the plot in a separate program it will have the specified dimensions.
